zero|nul
one|één
two|twee
three|drie
four|vier
five|vijf
six|zes
seven|zeven
eight|acht
nine|negen
ten|tien
eleven|elf
twelve|twaalf
thirteen|dertien
fourteen|veertien
fifteen|vijftien
sixteen|zestien
seventeen|zeventien
eighteen|achttien
nineteen|negentien
twenty|twintig
twenty one|eenentwintig
twenty two|tweeëntwintig
twenty three|drieëntwintig
twenty four|vierentwintig
twenty five|vijfentwintig
twenty six|zesentwintig
twenty seven|zevenentwintig
twenty eight|achtentwintig
twenty nine|negenentwintig
thirty|dertig
thirty one|eenendertig
thirty two|tweeëndertig
thirty three|drieëndertig
thirty four|vierendertig
thirty five|vijfendertig
thirty six|zesendertig
thirty seven|zevenendertig
thirty eight|achtendertig
thirty nine|negenendertig
forty|veertig
forty one|eenenveertig
forty two|tweeënveertig
forty three|drieënveertig
forty four|vierenveertig
forty five|vijfenveertig
forty six|zesenveertig
forty seven|zevenenveertig
forty eight|achtenveertig
forty nine|negenenveertig
fifty|vijftig
fifty one|eenenvijftig
fifty two|tweeënvijftig
fifty three|drieënvijftig
fifty four|vierenvijftig
fifty five|vijfenvijftig
fifty six|zesenvijftig
fifty seven|zevenenvijftig
fifty eight|achtenvijftig
fifty nine|negenenvijftig
sixty|zestig
sixty one|eenenzestig
sixty two|tweeënzestig
sixty three|drieënzestig
sixty four|vierenzestig
sixty five|vijfenzestig
sixty six|zesenzestig
sixty seven|zevenenzestig
sixty eight|achtenzestig
sixty nine|negenenzestig
seventy|zeventig
seventy one|eenenzeventig
seventy two|tweeënzeventig
seventy three|drieënzeventig
seventy four|vierenzeventig
seventy five|vijfenzeventig
seventy six|zesenzeventig
seventy seven|zevenenzeventig
seventy eight|achtenzeventig
seventy nine|negenenzeventig
eighty|tachtig
eighty one|eenentachtig
eighty two|tweeëntachtig
eighty three|drieëntachtig
eighty four|vierentachtig
eighty five|vijfentachtig
eighty six|zesentachtig
eighty seven|zevenentachtig
eighty eight|achtentachtig
eighty nine|negenentachtig
ninety|negentig
ninety one|eenennegentig
ninety two|tweeënnegentig
ninety three|drieënnegentig
ninety four|vierennegentig
ninety five|vijfennegentig
ninety six|zesennegentig
ninety seven|zevenennegentig
ninety eight|achtennegentig
ninety nine|negenennegentig
one hundred|honderd